Okay,
guys.
And welcome to this section.
Now you'll find a downloadable file from this lecture,
and it's called folder Creation.
A gizmo dot x l s X.
Just download that folder and you will find all the code to its in here.
Get your code here.
Now,
just to give you an idea what this is gonna do If you ever need to come to create a
complete directory structure,
you'll know how painstaking that come because you're literally you'll come to a folder.
You're right.
Click.
You'll add a new folder whenever new folders you and then you're safe,
older than your renamed the folder.
And perhaps you're gonna want folders inside of folders,
and it can take an absolute age.
Wouldn't it be an awful on easier if you just said I need folders named Project 123456 All
the way through to 15 you press the button on all of a sudden over here,
all of your folders magically created and named exactly as they appear in this list.
Not only that,
what if you had a hyperlink that when you clicked it it would open up the folder to project
one or it would open the folder to project date.
No more having to navigate around windows to find your folders.
So far,
so good.
So let me just delete all of those on.
Let me delete all of those.
But what if Ben me Just one second I do ever files to save me.
Typing insulin again?
Coffee here we get.
What if we had a similar task,
But this time,
rather than create a single level folder structure what we wanted to do for coming the ABC
all the way through age.
We also want tohave inside that new folder.
Another folder called Invoices one for purchase orders One crane know someone for all this
stuff Or wouldn't it be great if we could just click a button?
Do that on magically.
All of those folders are created when you go into company eight.
You have credit notion voices of the suspects orders in coming to company C do the same or
hit your high plane.
Go to company G.
Whenever we are.
There you go.
A wound that save you an awful lot of time.
Okay,
The code is very simple.
We're going to go through it.
It's a fast and furious pace.
Because by this point in this course,
there's going to be nothing in there that you haven't seen before.
And you're gonna be able to follow it really easily.
Okay,
Enjoy this section on.
I'll see you in the next lecture.